System Security/Module 3 - Buffer Overflow/BOF Studying Notes.md, before:

# Stack Notes : 
- Stack is **LIFO** (Last in , First out )
- Stack grows **downward**, towards **lower memory addresses**
- Stack has 2 Functions : 
  - **1 - PUSH :** add element to the TOP of the Stack, in other words: **PUSH** stores data in the TOP of the Stack 
  - **2 - POP :** delete element from the TOP of the Stack, in other words: **POP** retrives the data from the TOP of the Stack
- **PUSH** & **POP** affect the **TOP of the Stack** only, (because Stack is LIFO)
- **EBP :** this register points (contains the address value) to the **Stack Base** (first element entered the Stack)
- **ESP :** this register points to the **TOP of Stack** (last element entered the Stack)
- The Stack consists of logical **Stack Frames** (portions/areas of the Stack)

# How Function Works (a deep look inside the Stack) :
- Every Function has its own **Stack Frame**
- When the Function is called, the Stack Frame for that Function is **PUSH**ed (created) to the Stack
- When the Function finishied its work, the Stack Frame is **POP**ed (deleted) from the Stack
- Function contains two important components: 
    - **1 - Prologue:** prepares the Stack to be used
    - **2 - Epilogue:** resets the Stack
- When a Function terminates, it returns control to that statement or instruction that called this Function 



# ASM Notes :

Commit message:

Update BOF Studying Notes.md

System Security/Module 3 - Buffer Overflow/BOF Studying Notes.md, after:

# Stack Notes : 
- Stack is **LIFO** (Last in , First out )
- Stack grows **downward**, towards **lower memory addresses**
- Stack has 2 Functions : 
  - **1 - PUSH :** add element to the TOP of the Stack, in other words: **PUSH** stores data in the TOP of the Stack 
  - **2 - POP :** delete element from the TOP of the Stack, in other words: **POP** retrives the data from the TOP of the Stack
- **PUSH** & **POP** affect the **TOP of the Stack** only, (because Stack is LIFO)
- **EBP :** this register points (contains the address value) to the **Stack Base** (first element entered the Stack)
- **ESP :** this register points to the **TOP of Stack** (last element entered the Stack)
- The Stack consists of logical **Stack Frames** (portions/areas of the Stack)

---------------------------------------------------------------

# How Function Works (a deep look inside the Stack) :
- Every Function has its own **Stack Frame**
- When the Function is called, the Stack Frame for that Function is **PUSH**ed (created) to the Stack
- When the Function finishied its work, the Stack Frame is **POP**ed (deleted) from the Stack
- Function contains two important components: 
    - **1 - Prologue:** prepares the Stack to be used
    - **2 - Epilogue:** resets the Stack
- When a Function terminates, it returns control to that statement or instruction that called this Function 

---------------------------------------------------------------

# BOF Notes : 
**[1] - Fuzzing:**
  - **What 2 do:** Trying to crash a program
  - **Input:** Fuzzing input
  - **Output:** Number of bytes that makes the program crashing


**[2] - Creating a Payload:**
  - **What 2 do:** Create a unique payload (no repeated pattern in this payload, why ? we use a unique payload to help us finding the right offset at next step)
  - **Input:** Number of bytes we got it from "Fuzz" step
  - **Output:** Unique payload 


**[3] - Finding The Right Offset:**
  - **What 2 do:** Trying to find the number of "junk bytes" that we will use it (we need to specify this, because we want to know which characters in the unique payload that overwrite EIP value, then we will replace this characters with the address of our shellcode)
  - **Input:** The ASCII value of the EIP, which some characters in a unique payload overwrote it (we extract this information from the debugger)
  - **Output:** Number of junk bytes until we reach the EIP 

---------------------------------------------------------------


# ASM Notes :
